this entire city destroyed by a guard
driven mad by jealousy envy of his own
son even now they sit on their crumbling
throws and presume to judge their former
puppet while below the Titans I have
summoned await me ready to march on
Olympus and correct so many of the
mistakes of the past
but if I am to lead an army as mighty as
the Titans I must prove my worth there
remain those who call themselves heroes
there is even talk of one who considers
himself a god issuing challenges to all
whereas heed my words mortals tread
lightly on the earth beware the Ghost of
Sparta
another demon sent by this so-called
girl
he could turn arrest my ice cream cone
that was a mistake buddy a mistake
I can correct is he like maybe you
didn't hear me friend there's a debt
here and I'm ready to settle up Stan a
son
pick that up and pay for it the Ghost of
Sparta bends to know more once again
those foolish enough to stand against me
have meant folly of such actions my
destiny lies not with mortals
I must top of Olympus and all who occupy
it once and for all
Titans the son of Zeus has returned our
hour is at hand
and we march now upon the gods no
creature since from earth Olympus or
Hades itself can withstand our assault
enter Zeus and the Creator to kneel at
its feet I bring an army unlike any you
have fought before the Ghost of Sparta
brings ruin to Olympus